Can we talk about the state of docs? 🤔



Lately, I've noticed a rise in more thorough and detailed documentations for software products. While this is generally a positive advancement, I believe that sometimes less could be more. In an attempt to cover every possible detail about the product, it has become difficult to find simple information. 



The first two images show the docs of Youtube API and Langchain. Both have very detailed and thought out documentations. However, it's very intimidating to look at for the first time and can be difficult to figure out how achieve your objective with the software. To give an example I was trying figure out how to chain prompts in LangChain but after a few minutes clicking through different links I turned to the search tab for an answers, picture 3. However the problem with search tabs for docs is that they seem to be mostly keywords searches and hence not very helpful. Youtube's search however seemed to have some semantic search capabilities (here i tried to search how to get the duration from a video) but even then the success rate of the results was not very good. 



One of the strategies I have seen to remedy this problem are quickstart tutorials where they guide you through the main features of the software product and provide links to further explore a feature. This solution comes with its own challenges and might not possible for certain products. However with boom of AI and LLMs there seems to obvious solution for this, RAG based chatbots! These chatbots which are connected to the data in docs can hopefully provide better answers to query by the user. The few examples I have seen of this is Amazon Q on AWS which is pretty good tbh and the now the beta chat feature in the google docs. 



I just wonder why chatbots are not being implemented for companies that have much less codebase and documentations compared to big tech companies. Is it just a matter of cost or is there something else I am missing? 



#documentation #software #userexperience #softwareengineers #builders #coders #docs #AI