Thank you. Well, thank you very much. This is an honor, a tremendous honor. I brought some of our compatriots along with us. They're gonna do a beautiful job for you for the next four years. And, uh it's really been something very special and I have to say, uh Time Magazine getting this honor for the second time. Uh I think I like it better this time actually. But, uh we did a good job. We had a great first term despite a lot of turmoil uh caused unnecessarily and, but the media has tamed down a little bit. They're liking us much better now. I think if they don't, we'll have to just take them on again and we don't want to do that. But I, I do want to thank Time Magazine. I've been on the cover many times. I don't know who has a record, but I can only probably talk well, about 25% of the covers. 25% are great. The others I just sort of hide, but it's been an honor and every time it's an honor I will tell you and thank you very much for doing it. And uh thank the whole group at time. Really very professional people. Thank you very much. And, and to Jeff and all of the people, uh, from the New York Stock Exchange, he knows how much I like it. Because many years ago I bought a building across the street. I wasn't gonna buy it. Then. I said, you know, it's right next to the New York Stock Exchange. I'm gonna buy it. We've had great success. 40 Wall Street. We've had tremendous success with it. But uh you've really had success with the New York Stock Exchange. It's an incredible group of people. And Jeff, you have done an incredible job. You and your group and what a beautiful speech you made. Thank you very much. That was some introduction of all of us. Uh But we've, uh we've gone up uh since the election, I was just told by Scott. Everybody said you have to speak Scott Scott Bess and he has to be the one chosen for treasury. Where is Scott? Let's say he's around here someplace. He's around here. Uh He told me we picked up $3 trillion since the election day. And I said, well, that's good. But what about before the election day? He said, we picked up some money there because they thought you were gonna win. I said, I like this guy. He's gonna be my treasury secretary, but it's true. It's, I think we're going to have a tremendous run. We have to straighten out some problems, some big problems in the world. It's when we left, we didn't have any of these problems. We didn't have Russia with Ukraine. We didn't have Israel October 7th. We didn't have the Afghanistan disaster. We didn't have inflation. We had no inflation and, uh, we had a very strong economy and we're gonna do that again. But I think we're gonna even up it because now we have experience that we didn't have. Now I know everybody. You know, I, when I first came in, uh we came down Melania and I, a great first lady who was very popular, by the way, she rang in, she rang the bell. She rang the bell. But uh we came down and we're driving down Pennsylvania Avenue and it was so beautiful. I said, you know, I've never done this before. I didn't know anybody. I got to the oval office and I'm picking all these big positions and I didn't really know the people in Washington. But boy did, I get to learn fast and now we do and we, I think we have an incredible step behind me and others that aren't here and we're gonna do a fantastic job. We're gonna create the incentive theory again. In fact, I just announced yesterday, I didn't announce it for this reason, but anybody investing a billion dollars or more gets a very expedited approval process because you know, the approvals when people come into the country. It takes them in many cases, 1415, 16 years to get the approval. We have, Lee is around here someplace he's in charge of the environment and that's Lee Zeldin who ran an incredible race for governor in New York was uh a very, very successful guy before that. He was a great congressman and he's, he's a fantastic lawyer. He's in charge of environmental and we'll try and push him as much as possible to get those permits very quickly. Like a uh nuclear power plant. I would say a week would be enough time. What do you think? Said? OK, we'll get, we're gonna get fast approvals and it's great that we have Lee and all of the people behind. They're all stars in their own way, but it is an honor and uh this is a double because usually they don't coordinate the men of the year or the person of the year with uh with the ringing of the bell. And uh brilliantly you picked them both at the same time and you were all friends and you said let's do it and you only it takes one trip, it doesn't take two trips. That's ok. We like to say we like to, we like to be able to do it properly. But this is a special group, so many friends in the audience too, John, great job you've done at ABC. I'm really proud of you. And you've been so nice to me otherwise I wouldn't actually acknowledge you at all. But you, you have, you have been, that really is, it's a terrific job you've done. But again, I wanna thank you. We're going down to ring the bell now and I could just say that the economy I believe is going to be very strong. We do have to solve some problems. We have wars going on that we didn't have, we have a lot of things happening that we didn't have, that would have never happened. They would have never happened. But now, uh, they are, they have happened and I want to get them solved. We have to get them solved because ultimately, uh, the power of weaponry today is the biggest threat we have. In my opinion, it's not some of the other things that you read about it. The power of weaponry, the weapons are so powerful, so devastating and I rebuilt our military. I got to know every one of them, including nuclear weapons. I hated to do it, actually, I hated to do it but we did some nuclear weapons that are so devastating and almost makes you very sad when you, as you get them and as they come online, it makes you very sad because you know what the purpose of them is and you just hope to God that you never have to use them because if you do, uh, the world will never be the same. So we have to be very, very smart. We have to be very sharp. We have to be, uh we have to be very special to do a job. And uh I think we'll get it done and I think we're going to get a lot of people in the room. We've seen it. We were in France where uh President Macron did a fantastic job with the cathedral, an absolutely fantastic job of Notre Dame. And uh it was beautiful. The opening was the opening and I just got back and it was something really beautiful and a lot of world leaders there, we had about 80 world leaders, different countries and uh they were all coming together. They all wanted to meet us and meet me as a representative of the US. And there was a lot of goodwill, but we're gonna get some really tremendous goodwill. I was even thinking about inviting certain people to the inauguration and some people say, wow, that's a little risky, isn't it? And I said maybe it is, we'll see, we'll see what happens, but we like to take little chances, but that's not a bad chance. Here's a gentleman that's gonna do a great job at hud good luck, my friend. Right. He's gonna be a, he's gonna be a, he's been my friend for a long time. Nice to see you. I haven't shaken his hand yet. Come on. Congratulations. Thank you. Really? You're gonna be great. And Ben Carson is your biggest fan. In the world. You know, that Ben has uh been with us for a long time and has done a fantastic job. Thank you. Good. So, ladies and gentlemen, uh go on, we're going to put it straight. We're going to give tremendous incentive like no other country has. We're cutting your taxes. We're going to cut them very substantially. We got them down to 21% from probably 42 or 44% depending on where you are. And we got them down to 21. Everyone said that was a miracle. Now, we're getting them down to 15, but only if you make your product here, otherwise you pay 21 which is not bad. It's in the, in the middle of the pack, but 15 brings you down to among the lower and, and for those that are running the big companies, those great big beautiful companies, nobody's gonna be leaving us. You're going to be coming back, you're gonna be bringing it back to the United States. We are incentivizing everybody to come back to the United States. We want you back here. Car manufacturers, everybody and we have one product that nobody has really to the extent that we do. It's called oil and gas. There is no country in the world that has more. We're number one, I brought it to number one during my first term in terms of production. We're gonna be number one, plus we'll do numbers that uh nobody will really see before. And when that happens, prices are gonna start coming down because people can't afford their groceries and they're gonna be affording their groceries very soon. Uh, I tell the story about a woman who an old woman, old woman. No money went to a grocery store, had three apples. She put him down on the counter and she looked, and she saw the price and she said, would you excuse me? And she walked one of the apples back to the refrigerator and came back to pay for the two apples. And she left with two apples and the woman at the counter said that was so sad. And when I heard about the story, I said that should never happen in America and it's not gonna happen in America. We're gonna do it right. And we're going to take care of our people and we're gonna do things that nobody ever thought even were possible. But we're gonna have an economy the likes of which nobody's ever seen before and everybody's coming back to America. I saw that the other day at the cathedral. They're all saying we want to come back, we want to come back and with a couple of changes uh done by Howard and Scott and some of the great people up here with me, uh we're gonna bring them all back, they're all coming back. So thank you very much. This is a great honor and ringing the bell. Will be fantastic and go out and get them. We're with you all the way. Thank you very much. Thank you. Right.