listen in. I don't know. Tom you better bring this home There's no excuse. There's no excuse. Tom emmer great guy. We're going to bring this home. I want to thank everybody I want to thank our next vice president of the United States. JD m. And I before we begin I want to condemn the evil attack on Israel that took place. earlier today. a missile launched by Hezbollah killed at least a dozen children young children. and they were playing as you heard on a soccer field. in Israeli territory on the Golan Heights a place that I recognized during my Administration as under Israel's sovereignty. It was a big thing. They've been trying to get it done for 72 years I got it done in about 1 hour The Savage that Iranian Precision missile dozens more were wounded in the attack and sadly the death toll is probably going to go very substantially higher. our hearts go out to the families of these innocent children no parent should have to suffer. the terrible loss of a child at the hands of terrorists or anybody else. today's attack on Israel cannot be forgotten and it will go down as another. moment in history created by a weak and ineffective United States. president and Vice President. They wouldn't have done this if I were the president they wouldn't have done it. with time the situation will only get worse for our country with the kind of leadership that we have right now, which is no leadership. It's probably worse than no leadership. It's negative. It's negative. leadership. It must galvanized Republicans Democrats independents conservatives progressives Libertarians and everybody else. to put strength respect. and power back into the USA where it belongs. this attack just like the attack on October. 7th or the Ukraine. Russia War. Think of it. nor would country busting inflation, you know inflation is destroying our country. None of it would have happened it would have never happened if we if we were president. it wouldn't have happened. It's a dangerous and terrible time for the world. And it's almost the entire. fault of incompetent Biden Harris Administration. She who says that she wasn't the borders are she wasn't the borders are for. 3 years she was the borders are. She let it be on I am the borders are then she never went to the Border. These are. She's terrible. She's worse. She's worse than he is. I'll tell you right now. I want to be nice. They all say. I think he's changed. I think he's changed since 2 weeks ago. something. affected him. know I haven't changed. Maybe I've gotten worse actually because I get angry. at the incompetence that I witness every single day the way. millions of people are pouring into our country. and that's the thing that must change. And it must change quickly. It's great to be back in this beautiful state. with thousands of proud hard-working American. Patriots. as you know 6 days ago we officially defeated the worst president in the history of the United States. crooked. Joe Biden. Have you heard of him? He was badly beaten and everybody. Went to him and said Joe you can't win you can't win. He said no. No, let me debate him. Let me debate him, pleased that didn't work out too well either. that was the end The debate was the end. you can't beat him Joe now. We just beat you Joe. You're going to lose you. Got to get out. We want to get out you got to get out Joe. There was nothing. nice about what they were doing It wasn't. democracy was it it wasn't democracy. We're saying we want you out of the race Joe and we want you out here. You're going to lose. the quotes from some of the fake news look at all the fake news back there well that's a lot of fake news. man. That's a lot of fake news Mike. Joe you're going to somebody else in and then I realized last night I was speaking to a great group. of people. Christians. all Christians and they've been horribly treated by this Administration. Today I spoke to bitcoin crypto. so I went from Christians. to bitcoin and now I'm with you. in, Minnesota. we cover a lot of territory. think of that so Christians the Bitcoin to Minnesota. we cover a lot of territory. and I never mess it up by saying let me tell you about Bitcoin. I don't do that though. remember Biden, of course. I don't want to talk too much about him. But when he was in, Iowa. and he said it's great to be in Idaho. No. No you're in if I ever did that once it would be the end It says that's the end. He's cognitively impaired. That would be the end of the fake news would go crazy. But I thought last night as I was speaking to this incredible group of evangelicals and a lot of others of faith. it's uh well you like that, don't you huh? Wow. that means our country is coming a long way. because you put Faith back you put religion back into our country. It's going to be a much better place. when I thought last night. I said, you know, it's sort of unfair. you have a guy who says he's great. He's president and all that stuff. They rigged the election, but we won't talk about that. until you see they say he's president. comes out. raring to go and he gets badly beaten. He's losing and all of a sudden he's like a fighter. He's losing. then they took him out of the fight and they put a new fighter. We have a new victim now Kamala. We have a name for you. We have a brand new victim. and honestly, she's a radical. left. lunatic and she is when you find out about her. All I have to say is defund the police that was her big thing. Let's defund the police. You know politicians don't change. whatever they say first. That's where they are. They don't change when you say that Tom. Whatever they say if they said 5 years ago 8 years ago different from the police. She said it like 2 years ago or 3 years ago. But so if that's what they say that's ultimately their where they want to go. but this was really a coup of and by the Democrats this was a coup of a man that had 14 million votes. He wanted to run they wouldn't let him run they treated him horribly. They said to him. we can do it the nice way. or we can do it the hard way. did you? Oh he's president. This was a coup with the presidency. they threatened him with the 25th Amendment. They said Joe we're going to threaten you with the thing called the 25th Amendment. you're cognitively and physically a mess. and if you don't get out we're going to take you out with the 25th Amendment. and he said I'll go. and then the fake news said oh he was so brave. He was so brave. No, he was forced to leave. So now we have a new. candidate to defeat the most incompetent. unpopular and far-left vice president. in American history. Probably the most far-left. person. in American history less than 4 months from now. Minnesota is going to defeat. Kamala Harris. and we remember what I said. It's short time ago. short time ago she strongly fought for many many bad things but to me I love the police. We're not the funding them. We're going to fund them. Over a fund them. She's just thinking. she's defund the police and I'm over. the police. We're going to overthrow. We're going to evict this radical. and incompetent Administration from the White House and together. We are going to make a America great again. with your vote this election. illegal aliens will be turned back. the cartels will be in retreat. crime will fall Energy prices will plummet incomes will soar. at a world in chaos will rapidly be transformed into a planet of peace. and very importantly and you don't hear this anymore the words you don't hear under the Trump Administration the American Dream will come roaring back bigger better and stronger. than ever before. the American dream. Welcome back. right? but if a crazy liberal and she's Beyond liberal Look, she was a failure. at every stop. She was a failed vice president. She was a horrible. district attorney she destroyed San Francisco. She was a liberal from she was there before all the guys that you currently reading about. right? if a crazy liberal like Kamala Harris gets in. the American dream is dead. I believe it's dead. I believe. it's dead. over the past 3 and a half years. borders are Harris, which is what she called herself even the New York Times. today. They're they took an article out of the New York Times. borders are now you know, they're deleting everything that back there are deleting everything. but we already have it. 3 months ago she was thought of so badly They were just killing her. and now that she's in this position. They're trying to make her into a I don't think so. It's not going to happen. Margaret Thatcher didn't laugh like that. Did she did she know? if she did she wouldn't Thatcher. It's very simple, right? Borders are Harris allowed almost. 20 million illegal aliens to Stampede into our country if she gets another 4 Years, it'll be 40 to 50 million more people in our country and they'll be using Medicare and Social Security. They will be they'll be destroyed They won't be a thing your government can do about it. She will kill. Social Security and Medicare as vice president. Kamala Harris. cast the tie-breaking votes that created the worst inflation. in half a century. I believe the worst inflation that we've ever had. You know, they don't don't use the numbers that are really really bad. but they're bad enough to have the worst just about that. Anybody can ever even think of or remember decimating. Working Families. and if she wins inflation will only get worse It's going to get worse already. energy and gasoline are going up You and more. per gallon We had it down to a dollar 87. We actually had it lower than that for a period of time. Hey Pamela. Harris. presidency means 4 more years of extremism. weakness. failure. chaos, and probably World War III. I really believe it. They have no that's why this happened today in Israel shocking that it happened. out of nowhere. a trump Victory will bring back leadership. confidence. common sense and strength to the Oval Office. This is what we had we had no Wars. We had no Wars. think of them we have no Wars. Remember when crooked Hillary Clinton used to say he's going to get us into a war. look rhetoric I said no my rhetoric is going to keep us out of War. That's what happened. We had no Wars. they didn't think about it. got in. Iran was broke I told China if you buy told barrel of oil from Iran, you're not doing any more business in the United States. and they didn't buy any. They didn't buy in. and we would have had to deal with Iran within 1 week after the election of the election didn't take know, we got millions more votes the second time that we did the first the New York Times asked me what happened the second time I said the second time we got like 10 million more votes, right? Oh, I never thought of that the reporters said oh, yeah, you're right Actually, let's let's go to another Carlos. insanely liberal record as a senator. She was ranked the number 1 most radical left Democrat in the entire. Senate. they look like a moderate. He was unhappy with that today Did you see? he said? Oh, no. No, I think I might have been more more liberal than her. They were fighting over who's more liberal. if this country has a liberal president at this country is finished. Okay, just so you know. and she's weak liberal just a few years ago. Kamala Harris co-sponsored Bernie Sanders. 32 trillion dollars. You know what that means? that means file for bankruptcy as you're signing the legislation. everything is gone your taxes will go up by 4 or 5 times and it still won't be nearly enough. 32 trillion dollar socialist takeover of the entire US Health Care system she endorsed outlawing Private health insurance. entirely many people have Private health insurance. It's phenomenal. if they work hard and They want to have great health insurance She wanted it outlawed She supported giving free taxpayer funded Health Care to all illegal aliens. Come on in. Come on. now, but just to our country including from prisons mental institutions. insane asylums. You know that go crazy when I mentioned Dr. Hannibal Lecter, you know who that was. They say what does he keep mentioning? Hannibal Lecter? Well. You see he was. a slightly. troubled patient in an insane asylum And he'd love to have you for lift everything. But I mentioned him because we have people like that coming into our country. They're closing their insane asylums all over the world. They're sending their States. Venezuela and crime is down 72% because they're sending their criminals and their drug dealers and their prisoners. to the United think instead of being here which is a a great place. I love this place. We'll go to Venezuela or someplace in South America where they've sent all their criminals to us. because we'll have a nice. safe. event. We can go to. Venezuela next year. with a crime dropped 72% and we're going to have a nice safe event because in Minnesota. you will have lots of people that you don't have now although many of them are here now. They just sort of getting used to it You'll have people from their jails and from their mental so we'll go to a nice safe location. She 100 trillion dollar green news scam to abolish oil. coal and natural gas. She pledged to ban fracking no fracking or that's going to do well in Remember? Pennsylvania? I said it. She wants no fracking and she's on tape the beautiful thing about modern technology is when you say something. you're screwed if it's bad if you say it wrong you're screwed. she said I never said about fracking then we play about. 90 tapes, You know, how there will be. No. fracking. There will be we will. defund the police. She says I have to be very careful when I say that because if I say we will defund the police imitating her. they'll put me on television tonight saying Donald Trump wants to defund the police. Got to be very careful. Tom. sarcasm doesn't work when you have a crooked press. you know when I imitated him. because Biden and I don't want to waste a lot of time but because it's over now, right? He's gone. I told you he would be I told you he wasn't going to make it. I told you. in the debate, and they called for the debate They wanted it early I said, Okay, I accepted every rule. Everyone said why did you do that? I mean you accepted CNN you accepted fake Tapper. you accepted all of these things. Why did you do that? So I said because it's the only way because they thought I wouldn't do it. So I said, yes, and they were shocked. but we had the debate, right? and he kept saying like they'd say kept Tapper fake Tapper, but I have to tell you they were very fair. they in my opinion They were very fair. 95% You can't ask for I was shocked. they they gained a whole level of respect. I really mean it CNN. and both of them they gained a level of respect, right, don't you think so I do I told them that I called them both. up, but I never saw the bed like this. So, you know, we give it a certain period of time and I'm running I get it talk very fast because this is so many to say. my mind is rushing rushing rushing boom, and I hit it, right on the butt. but they kept saying to them so you have 92 seconds left. What what? you have 92 seconds left and I said I'll take it. They said no you're not allowed to you have 92 seconds, and he was like, oh next question so you have 38 seconds remaining. what oh, so we got off to a good start. We got off to this but from the time of the we're listening here to former president Donald Trump speaking in St. Cloud, Minnesota. We do have to step away for our final commercial break of the hour We head back out to this. next. that would not have been good. But he blew it anyway, but he said we put the baby aside if the baby's born we put the baby aside. and we discuss. with the mother whether or not we terminate the baby's life, this is after this is an abortion. This is this is called was called execution. Kamala pay for abortion for any reason she even voted against legislation that would require medical providers to give care to attempted abortion. They're the radical. ones You see the Democrats really and not all of them because most of them agree with us. They're the radical ones You see the Democrats really and not all of them because most of them agree with us. They're the radical ones. Whereas our position is that abortion is now back to the States. They've wanted to have this. This is been going on for 52 years the way everybody. at all legal Scholars. They always said this is the way it should be. everybody wanted it back in the States Democrats Republicans liberals conservatives and legal Scholars. every legal scholar. wanted it back in the States and then about 14 years ago people started talking about the number of weeks the number of months the number of this that they wanted it back in the States where that's what's happening. You look at, Ohio. they decided you look at, Kansas. they decided. you look at a lot of different states either side and then sometimes it comes out the way certain people want it Sometimes it didn't, Ohio. came out with somewhat of a liberal. interpretation and so did Kansas which was a little surprising but people like Ronald Reagan I believe in exceptions for the life of the mother rape and incest and I also believe that you have to follow your heart. but you also have to get elected you have to remember that we have to get elected. and I want to thank the 6 Supreme Court Justices. Clarence, Thomas Samuel Alito, John Roberts Brett Kavanagh. Neil Gorsuch and Amy Coney. Barrett. for the wisdom and courage they showed on this long-term. very contentious. issue, but getting it back to the States puts the question where it belongs with the vote of the people. and it's over time and you'll see this over time. It's going to work out. incredibly well. in a a just an issue that was tearing our country apart for to an end and people are coming together. It's going to be the vote of the people and it's a state vote. It's the way it was supposed to be it should federal government. so thank you. I think it's I think it's so important. to say. I think it's so this November the American people are going to reject. Kamala Harris's crazy liberal extremism on a massive. Landslide. We're going to have a landslide because it's going to be too big to rig. You know, what too big to rig is. we're not going to States into communist San Francisco you know 15 years ago. San Francisco was perhaps the greatest. the greatest city in the country and now it's unlivable. It's unlivable The crime is so bad. the drugs are so bad. She is ruined and she was the original of the bad de she was the original the prosecutors. He blew them all away. There are a lot of people that say she destroyed San Francisco. she will destroy our country. She will destroy and can maybe live with moderate, but we have to bring our country back we've gone down a long way remember this. out of the 20 million people. and probably much more than many they have to be taken out. We're going to have the largest deportation. effort in the history of our country. the criminals we have to get them out immediately. every voter in Minnesota needs to know that when the violent mobs of anarchists and looters and marxists came to burn down, Minneapolis. 4 years ago. remember me? I couldn't get your Governor to act. He's supposed to call in. guard so I sent in the National. Guard to save Minneapolis. Well, Kamala Harris sided with the arsonist and Ryder and raised money to bail out the criminals bail them all out of jail. I kept waiting for his call. You remember the guy from CNN the reporter so called? I won't use his name, but I don't want to embarrass shaved head. Nice looking He said and he goes this is a friend. Near city was burning remember it was like a war zone. the entire city was burning down. and as he was speaking. somebody threw like a hand grenade. at his feet and friendly. friendly. rally. know, you know, it's a friendly rally. This is a friendly rally. by the way, I feel so bad. There are 25,000 people outside that cannot if you outside all go and vote. now look we lose it. There's no this Lake. the other day Kamala had 972 people we counted it. They said it was. 2,000 and that's okay. but they said she had a massive crowd of. 2,000 people. It was that it was under a thousand. but this they never talk about. this they don't take a look camera work. It must I know it's not a news camera because they don't do that even the ones that are on our side. They don't show the crowd size.